Added in further details on where to find Observe documentation. (#59)
alphagov/re-team-manual: source/documentation/prometheus-for-paas-support.md

## Observe Documentation

### Access to AWS

Our AWS account ids are as follows.

#### Dev Stack
re-prometheus-dev = 931679966755

To be granted "assume role" to this dev stack as admin you need to be added to the [re-prometheus-dev repo](https://github.com/alphagov/gds-user-accounts/blob/master/terraform/modules/prometheus-users/main.tf)

example .aws/config
```
[profile re-prometheus-dev]
region = eu-west-1
source_profile=fredbloggs
role_arn=arn:aws:iam::931679966755:role/fred.bloggs-admin
mfa_serial=arn:aws:iam::1234567890123:mfa/fred.bloggs@digital.cabinet-office.gov.uk
```

#### Production and Staging Stacks

gds-prometheus-production = 455214962221

gds-prometheus-staging    = 027317422673

example .aws/config
```

> [profile staging]

Reviewer: Optional: Profile names could be more consistent with the re-prometheus-dev example (so they are all `re-prometheus-env` or all just `env`).

region = eu-west-1
source_profile=fredbloggs
role_arn=arn:aws:iam::027317422673:role/Administrator
mfa_serial=arn:aws:iam::1234567890123:mfa/fred.bloggs@digital.cabinet-office.gov.uk

[profile production]
region = eu-west-1
source_profile=fredbloggs
role_arn=arn:aws:iam::455214962221:role/Administrator
mfa_serial=arn:aws:iam::1234567890123:mfa/fred.bloggs@digital.cabinet-office.gov.uk
```

#### AWS ECS Access
Access to our EC2 instances is detailed within [EC2 Access](https://github.com/alphagov/prometheus-aws-configuration-beta).

### Access to Paas

> Paas information can be found at [Paas](https://docs.cloud.service.gov.uk/before_you_start.html#before-you-start).

Reviewer: If we are going to link to the PaaS here I would suggest either we link to the default index page of the docs (https://docs.cloud.service.gov.uk/) or instead we make it specific that a user will need to be added to the below spaces and link to the section on how to add a user to a space (https://docs.cloud.service.gov.uk/orgs_spaces_users.html#add-users-to-a-space)

  - The spaces that are relevant to Observe are:- 
    - prometheus-grafana (production grafana)
    - prometheus-production
    - prometheus-staging

### Access to our secrets

Our secrets and passwords are stored within [github](https://github.com/alphagov/re-secrets/tree/master/observe) our specific secrets are in re-secrets/observe.

### Access Restrictions

> Access to the Prometheis/Alertmanagers is controlled by ip whitelisting and basic auth. 

Reviewer: The story I'm working on has just changed this a little.

Prometheus is accessible by office IP safelisting and then falls back to basic auth.

Alertmanager is accessible by office IP safelisting but no longer has a fall back to basic auth.

gds-prometheus-production = 455214962221

gds-prometheus-staging    = 027317422673

example .aws/config
```
[profile staging]
region = eu-west-1
source_profile=fredbloggs
role_arn=arn:aws:iam::027317422673:role/Administrator
mfa_serial=arn:aws:iam::1234567890123:mfa/fred.bloggs@digital.cabinet-office.gov.uk

[profile production]
region = eu-west-1
source_profile=fredbloggs
role_arn=arn:aws:iam::455214962221:role/Administrator
mfa_serial=arn:aws:iam::1234567890123:mfa/fred.bloggs@digital.cabinet-office.gov.uk
```

#### AWS ECS Access
Access to our EC2 instances is detailed within [EC2 Access](https://github.com/alphagov/prometheus-aws-configuration-beta).

### Access to Paas

Paas information can be found at [Paas](https://docs.cloud.service.gov.uk/before_you_start.html#before-you-start).

  - The spaces that are relevant to Observe are:- 
    - prometheus-grafana (production grafana)
    - prometheus-production
    - prometheus-staging

### Access to our secrets

Our secrets and passwords are stored within [github](https://github.com/alphagov/re-secrets/tree/master/observe) our specific secrets are in re-secrets/observe.

### Access Restrictions

> Access to the Prometheis/Alertmanagers is controlled by ip whitelisting and basic auth. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Prometheus is accessible by office IP safelisting and then falls back to basic auth.
Alertmanager is accessible by office IP safelisting but no longer has a fall back to basic auth.
```
